# Link to article:
[article](https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/industry/technology/how-can-organizations-develop-quality-software-in-age-of-gen-ai.html?gclsrc=aw.ds&id=us:2ps:3gl:cloudps25:eng:cons:011325:nonem:na:kwd-456750266293:173129996133:728374377964:p:Generic_EngServices-General:Generic_ES-SoftwareEng-Gen-AI-POV_Phrase:nb:&gad_source=1&gbraid=0AAAAADenGPBS7INM9twHkhRJVyYLxpdj8&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI_5PhnJaciwMVnkT_AR0syjJiEAAYASAAEgLDtvD_BwE)


In the past year or so, there have been multiple releases of generative AI coding assistants or editors. I can see how this can help a student or someone who codes projects for fun. However, I wonder how these tools are used in higher stakes software development at large corporations. My inital questions are about accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. I find AI to be good at simple math but spotty once you feed it more complicated calculus, so I am skeptical on how it handles complex code. Furthermore, how good is it at finding correct solutions and, more importantly, efficient solutions? Assuming generative AI is stellar at all these things, to what point can it replace human developers. The article explored all of these questions while discussing others that I did not think of. One of the questions that stood out to me was about intellectual property rights and ownership of the code. If a company uses generative AI to produce some software, does the code belong to the company, the developer, or the AI? I'm sure a lot of these questions will be answered a lot of these problems hashed out in the next couple years as AI continues to be utilized, but these are interesting topics to think about now.

## Added comments by Jess Liang:
This is such an interesting article! AI coding assistants are definitely evolving, but their accuracy, efficiency, and reliability in high-stakes corporate environments remain a key concern. The question of intellectual property is especially intriguing—companies will need clear policies on AI-generated code ownership. 